From cisa.gov/presidentscup, click
the registration site.
Choose which competition
you want to compete in.
Click the login button.
Accept the notice
and click ‘Register for an account’.
If you already have an account
from a previous year,
use the same email and password
or reset your password.
Enter the email verification code
you receive.
You will then be directed
to the game site.
Click to update your profile
before you enroll in a game.
Under profile,
you can request a custom display name
and select your sponsoring organization.
Click ‘Home’ and the card representing
the game that you would like to enroll in.
You may have to refresh your browser
for the game
board to pick up the new profile setting.
Enroll, and confirm your enrollment.
Team managers.
the first person to join a team,
can change the team's name
and generate codes
for other members to redeem.
If you are joining an existing team,
redeem the invite code
that your manager sent you.
If you want to enroll in other tracks,
teams or individuals,
you can do so from the home page.
Just click the appropriate card
and enroll.
You can unenroll at any time before
you or your team starts a game session.
Visit the identity server to configure
two-factor authentication
if you don't always have access
to your email.
Go to presidentscup.cisa.gov/ID.
Select ‘Profile’,
‘Configure two-factor authentication’,
then follow the onscreen instructions.